Step 1. Determining the players, actions, and utility functions for the considered game. Specifically, we can input the considered scenario and problem to be optimized to ChatGPT 4, we can formulate the game model according to the output of ChatGPT 4. For example, the game strategy indicates the number of images collected or generated by honest and malicious users. And the utility functions designed for honest and malicious users are (SVM model’s accuracy – collection cost) and (-SVM model’s accuracy – generation cost), respectively.

Step 2. Using GAN and GDM to simulate the malicious users to generate malicious synthetic data. The sample vehicle image dataset (vehicleDatasetImages.zip) is available at https://ww2.mathworks.cn/help/driving/ug/train-a-deep-learning-vehicle-detector.html?searchHighlight=vehicle%20image%20dataset&s_tid=srchtitle_support_results_2_vehicle%20image%20dataset. 
The GAN model is available at https://ww2.mathworks.cn/help/deeplearning/ug/train-generative-adversarial-network.html. 
And the GDM is available at https://ww2.mathworks.cn/help/deeplearning/ug/generate-images-using-diffusion.html.

Step 3. The machine learning model is represented by SVM, which is available at https://ww2.mathworks.cn/help/stats/train-classification-models-in-classification-learner-app.html?searchHighlight=classification%20learner&s_tid=srchtitle_support_results_1_classification%20learner.
In addition, we also use 300 flower images, which are used to train SVM to make vehicle and flower classifications. The flower images (flower_dataset.tgz) are available at
http://download.tensorflow.org/example_images/flower_photos.tgz. 
Note that for ease of training SVM, we transform the vehicle image into the gray image and uniform dimension of the image to [1,128*16] with the PCA approach, which is available at https://ww2.mathworks.cn/help/stats/pca.html?searchHighlight=PCA&s_tid=srchtitle_support_results_1_PCA. 
Then, we can finish the initial explorations with strategies (150, 75, 75), (180, 60, 60), and (120, 90, 90) at exploration steps 1—3. To be detailed, by training the SVM model with the above three datasets, we can obtain the models’ accuracy performances. Next, we input the obtained results to ChatGPT 4 to obtain the next exploration step’s direction. By iteratively repeating this operation until the utilities converge to be steady, the corresponding strategy is treated as the Nash equilibrium solution of the considered game.

Step 4. Note we first utilize GAN and GDM to generate 200 synthetic images as the initial dataset at one time, representing action sets of the original game. In this regard, we can randomly select a specific number of images from this dataset as the actions. Then, we create two new games by changing their action sets, i.e., generating another two synthetic datasets for new game scenarios–generated scenarios 1 and 2. Following the similar operations in Step 3, we can evaluate the equilibrium strategy performance under newly generated game scenarios.
